.. _modules:

Featured Game Systems and Modules
*********************************

Foundry Virtual Tabletop prides itself on providing a platform for community developers to use their skills in HTML,
JavaScript, and CSS to create modules which enhance or extend platform functionality. This page celebrates some of
many excellent community-developed modules that are available now for use with Foundry VTT.

..  contents:: Tutorial Contents
    :depth: 1
    :local:
    :backlinks: top

-------

Dungeons & Dragons 5th Edition
==============================

The D&D5e system comes bundled with the base Foundry VTT installation, however you may also access the source code,
view open issues, or submit pull requests here: https://gitlab.com/foundrynet/dnd5e

D&D Beyond Character Importer
-----------------------------

https://github.com/sillvva/foundry-vtt-modules/tree/master/ddb-importer

This module allows for you to import a character from D&D Beyond and create a player character Actor in Foundry VTT.
This is extremely useful for players who use D&D Beyond as a campaign management tool as you can update existing
actors using data stored in D&D Beyond.

Roll20 NPC Importer
-------------------

https://github.com/syl3r86/roll20npcimporter

This module is capable of importing JSON data of NPCs that has been exported from the Roll20 platform if you are using the
Shaped or OGL Sheet.


FVTT Enhancement Suite
----------------------

https://github.com/sillvva/foundry-vtt-modules/tree/master/fvtt-enhancement-suite

One of the first D&D5e modules for FVTT! The enhancement suite adds the ability to define and store custom chat macros
which can be posted to chat and evaluated against the data of a controlled Token.


Better NPC Sheet
----------------

https://github.com/syl3r86/BetterNPCSheet5e

This module redesigns the NPC character sheet in the D&D5e system to visually represent the classic printed book style
that is used in official modules and sources.

Spell Compendium Browser
------------------------

https://github.com/syl3r86/Spell-Browser

This module extends the compendium functionality in the D&D5e system to offer more rich browser functionality that
allows you to search and filter by various spell characteristics including level, class, spell school, casting time,
and more!


NPC Compendium Browser
----------------------

https://github.com/syl3r86/npc-browser

This module extends the compendium functionality in the D&D5e system to offer more rich browser functionality that
allows you to search and filter NPCs via various filters like challenge rating, type, size, and more!

Spellbook Tweaker
-----------------

https://github.com/syl3r86/Spellbook-Tweaker

This module adds some quality-of-life improvements to the way that the spellbook is displayed on character sheets in
the D&D5e system.


Item Card Sounds
----------------

https://gitlab.com/moerills-fvtt-modules/item-sounds

The Item Card Sounds module allows you to assign a particular audio file to weapons, spells, or other types of "items"
in the D&D5e system. This will allow those sound effects to play automatically when a particular spell or weapon is
played to the chat log.


-------


Pathfinder (Original)
=====================

The Pathfinder system comes bundled with the base Foundry VTT installation, however you may also access the source
code, view open issues, or submit pull requests here: https://gitlab.com/foundrynet/pathfinder


-------


System Agnostic Modules
=======================

The following modules will work with any game system.


SVG Wall Loader - Supports Dungeon Fog!
---------------------------------------

https://gitlab.com/moerills-fvtt-modules/svg-loader

The SVG Wall loader is capable of importing a SVG file which defines the walls, doors, and light sources from a .svg
file. This SVG spec can be generated by a large number of systems, but in particular the module features out-of-the-box
support for DUNGEONFOG. You can learn more about Dungeon Fog on our :ref:`partnerships` page.

Token Randomizer
----------------

https://gitlab.com/moerills-fvtt-modules/token-randomizer

This module adds a variety of flexible options for randomising Token properties when the Token is first placed into a
Scene. The module supports random selection from a set of token artwork, automatic prefix addition, numeric name
indexing, or (if using the D&D5e system) randomizing Token health based on the formula defined by the base Actor.

Compendium Importer
-------------------

https://github.com/PaulEndri/fvtt-compendium-importer/tree/master/compendium-importer

The compendium importer module allows for you to export an entire Foundry VTT compendium pack to a JSON file which
can be saved locally. The module also includes the functionality to re-load a compendium from existing JSON so that
content can be easily shared between users. Fantastic!